Add docs on how to impersonate Kubernetes ServiceAccounts (#29393)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/kubernetes-access/controls.mdx

    - viewers
    kubernetes_users:
    - myuser
    - system:serviceaccount:someNamespace:saName # Service account name
    # ...
  deny: {}
```

The value of `kubernetes_groups` and `kubernetes_users` is a list of names of

> groups, users or service accounts to enable impersonation for.

Reviewer: Oxford comma FTW

```suggestion
groups, users, or service accounts to enable impersonation for.
```

#### Kubernetes Users and Groups

Kubernetes Users and Groups are entities that exist in
the Kubernetes Cluster and for which permissions are controlled through

> `ClusterRoleBinding` or `RoleBinding` resources. If by any chance they do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ClusterRoleBinding` or `RoleBinding` resources. If they do not
```

> `ClusterRoleBindings` or `RoleBindings` resources. If by any chance they do not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ClusterRoleBinding` or `RoleBinding` resources. If by any chance they do not
```

exist in the cluster, Kubernetes RBAC will ignore them.

> An example of a `ClusterRoleBinding` resource that assigns the built-in `view`
> `ClusterRole` to a Group `cluster-viewer-group` and to a User `cluster-viewer-user`
> can be found below.

Reviewer: For a more natural voice:

```suggestion
Here's an example of a `ClusterRoleBinding` resource that assigns the built-in `view`
`ClusterRole` to a Group `cluster-viewer-group` and to a User `cluster-viewer-user`:
```

Reviewer: P.S. Just want to confirm that `User` and `Group` in this context are API objects, warranting the casing used here per the [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects).

> can be found bellow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be found below.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: cluster-viewer
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: view
subjects:
- apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Group
  name: cluster-viewer-group
- apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: User
  name: cluster-viewer-user
```

At this point, the User and the Group have the same permissions to view resources
in Kubernetes Namespaces. It's not mandatory to assign the same permissions to
Kubernetes Users and Groups as Kubernetes merges the permissions associated with
the impersonation principals used in the request.

#### Kubernetes Service Accounts

> Teleport supports Service Account impersonation by using the fully-qualified

Reviewer: As above, asking for confirmation that "Service Account" is an API object.

> Teleport supports Service Account impersonation by using the Service Account
> fully qualified name in the `kubernetes_users` field.
> 
> The Service Account fully qualified name consists of the following pattern:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Teleport supports Service Account impersonation by using the fully-qualified
name of the Service Account in the `kubernetes_users` field.

The Service Account's fully-qualified name consists of the following pattern:
```

```
system:serviceaccount:<namespace>:<service_account_name>
```

The FQN must be prefixed with `system:serviceaccount:`, otherwise Kubernetes will

> consider it as a normal User.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
evaluate it as a normal User.
```

> An example of a role that impersonates a Service Account can be found bellow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example of a role that impersonates a Service Account can be found below.
```
